[IMP] sales: updated pro-forma invoice doc for 16 (#5553)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/proforma.rst

and transportation charges.

Pro-forma invoices are commonly used as preliminary invoices with a quotation. They are also used

> during importation for customs purposes. They differ from a normal invoice, in that they are *not* a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
during importation, for customs purposes. They differ from a normal invoice, in that they are *not* a
```

Author: I don't believe a comma is necessary in this instance, as its a fairly short, straightforward sentence. So, I think I'll leave it as-is. However, if you believe I am incorrect, just let me know, and I'll make the change right away. Thanks!

demand (or request) for payment.

Configuration
=============

In order to utilize pro-forma invoices, the *Pro-Forma Invoice* feature **must** be activated.

> To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and in the
```

> in the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` section, click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Pro-Forma

Reviewer 3: The ampersand does not appear to break the rst, but let's escape it just in case
```suggestion
in the :guilabel:`Quotations \& Orders` section, click the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Pro-Forma
```

Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes.

.. image:: proforma/pro-forma-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Pro-Forma Invoice feature setting in the Odoo Sales application.

Send pro-forma invoice
======================

With the :guilabel:`Pro-Forma Invoice` feature activated, the option to send a pro-forma invoice is

> now available on any quotation or sales order, via the :guilabel:`Send Pro-Forma Invoice` button.

Reviewer 2: After some testing it looks like you can't send a pro-forma invoice on a SO/quotation for if you have already sent an invoice for a down payment (or a recurring subscription, so the button will not appear in that case. May be worth a call out. (You can send one for services/event registrations/courses/new subscriptions, so it doesn't seem to be limited to physical/consumable/storable goods)

   :align: center
   :alt: The Send Pro-Forma Invoice button on a typical sales order in Odoo Sales.

.. note::

>    Pro-forma invoice can **not** be sent on a sales order/quotation is an invoice for a down payment
>    has already been sent, or for a recurring subscription. So, the button will not appear in those
>    cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Pro-forma invoices can **not** be sent for a sales order or quotation if an invoice for a down payment
   has already been sent, or for a recurring subscription. In either case, the :guilabel:`Send Pro-Froma Invoice` 
   button will not appear.
```

   However, pro-forma invoices **can** be sent for services, event registrations, courses, and/or
   new subscriptions. Pro-forma invoices are not limited to physical, consumable, or storable goods.

> When the :guilabel:`Send Pro-Forma Invoice` button is clicked, an email pop-up window appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :guilabel:`Send Pro-Forma Invoice` button is clicked, a pop-up window appears, from which an email can be sent.
```

In the pop-up window, the :guilabel:`Recipients` field is auto-populated with the customer from the

> sales order or quotation. Then, if needed, modify the :guilabel:`Subject` field and the body of the
> email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sales order or quotation. The :guilabel:`Subject` field and the body of the
email can be modified, if necessary.
```

   .. image:: proforma/pro-forma-pdf.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Sample pro-forma invoice PDF from Odoo Sales.

.. seealso::

>    - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/invoicing_policy`

Reviewer 3: No need to use a bullet point for a single seealso item, and please update the path to be relative 🙏
```suggestion
   :doc:`invoicing_policy`
```
